DOCS-1468: Add use case for building a simple machine (#2343)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/use-cases/configure.md

linkTitle: "Build simple smart machines"
weight: 10
type: "docs"

> description: "Build a simple robot in a few steps."

Reviewer: Let's go for a bit more description since this is what search machines will also use for indexing
```suggestion
description: "Build a simple smart machine in a few steps using Viam's modular system of components and services without writing much or any code."
```

      Install it on the computer controlling your smart machine by following the steps on your machine's <strong>Setup</strong> tab in the <a href="https://app.viam.com/">Viam app</a>.</p>
    </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>{{<imgproc src="/icons/components.png" class="fill alignleft" resize="400x" style="max-width: 220px" declaredimensions=true alt="An assortment of components.">}}
      <b>3. Configure your components</b><br><br>
      <p>Each piece of your smart machine that is controlled by a computer is called a <i>component</i>. For example, if your smart machine includes a Raspberry Pi, a motor, and a camera, each of those is a component.</p>
      <p>You need to <i><a href="/build/configure/">configure</a></i> your machine so that <code>viam-server</code> can interact with its hardware. Use the configuration builder tool in the Viam app to create a file that describes what hardware you are using and how it is connected.
      For example, if you have a DC motor, follow the <a href="/components/motor/gpio/">corresponding configuration instructions</a> to tell the software which pins it is connected to.</p>
    </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>     <th>{{<gif webm_src="/tutorials/lazy-susan/control-dcmotor.webm" mp4_src="/tutorials/lazy-susan/control-dcmotor.mp4" alt="The Viam app Control tab with a control panel for each component. The panel for a DC motor is clicked, expanding to show power controls." max-width="400px" class="fill alignleft">}}

Reviewer: This video isn't ideal but ok. You could try seeing if this one looks better: https://docs-test.viam.dev/2343/fleet/machines/#control . I leave the decision with you.

Author: ```suggestion
    <th>{{<gif webm_src="/manage/control.webm" mp4_src="/manage/control.mp4" alt="The Viam app Control tab with a control panel for each component. The panel for a DC motor is clicked, expanding to show power controls." max-width="400px" class="fill alignleft">}}
```

      <b>5. Configure services</b><br><br>
      <p>Services are built-in Viam software packages that add high-level functionality to your smart machine like computer vision or motion planning.
      If you want to use any services, see their <a href="/services/">documentation</a> for configuration and usage information.
      If you are making a simple machine that doesn't use services, you can skip this step!
      </p>
    </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>{{<imgproc src="/ml/configure.svg" class="fill alignleft" style="max-width: 210px"  declaredimensions=true alt="Services">}}
      <b>6. Do more with code</b><br><br>
      <p>Write a program to control your smart machine using the programming language of your choice. Viam has <a href="/sdks/">SDKs</a> for Python, Golang, C++, TypeScript and Flutter.</p>
      <p>The easiest way to get started is to copy the auto-generated boilerplate code from your machine's <b>Code sample</b> tab in the Viam app. You can run this code directly on the machine or from a separate computer; it will connect to the machine using API keys.</p>
    </th>
  </tr>
</table>

## Next steps

{{< cards >}}
{{% card link="/get-started/try-viam/" %}}

> {{% card link="/tutorials/get-started/lazy-susan/" %}}

Author: Thought this or mouse mover would be a good example of a very simple machine that moves things instead of just blinking the led--what's your thought? Is there another one you'd recommend replacing this with?

> {{% card link="/tutorials/get-started/lazy-susan/" %}}

Reviewer: I just think 4 is a bit much so that's why I tried to eliminate one but ok to keep 4. I don't feel that strongly

> {{% card link="/tutorials/get-started/lazy-susan/" %}}

Author: okay i like the 4 because then they make a nice square instead of an upside-down L shape (depending on screen width) and they're all different so I think I'll leave as-is if that's ok!
